e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\obj\Debug\LeadifyAssessment.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\bin\Debug\ApplicationInsights.config
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\bin\Debug\LeadifyAssessment.Tests.dll.config
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\bin\Debug\LeadifyAssessment.Tests.dll
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\bin\Debug\LeadifyAssessment.Tests.pdb
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\bin\Debug\LeadifyAssessment.dll
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.VisualStudio.QualityTools.UnitTestFramework.dll
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\bin\Debug\LeadifyAssessment.pdb
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\obj\Debug\LeadifyAssessment.Tests.dll
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\obj\Debug\LeadifyAssessment.Tests.pdb
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.exe.config
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csc.rsp
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csi.exe
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\csi.rsp
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\bin\Debug\roslyn\vbc.rsp
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.dll
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\bin\Debug\Unity.Mvc5.dll
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Unity.xml
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
e:\users\callinkirjo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\LeadifyAssessment\LeadifyAssessment.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
